Coup Rules:
https://www.ultraboardgames.com/coup/game-rules.php


Coup is a turn-based bluffing game. Each player is dealt two face-down cards and given two coins at the start of the game.
Coins are used to eliminate the card of another player. Cards give a player special powers and keep them in the game. 
Once a player is out of cards, they are eliminated. The goal of coup is to be the last player left standing.

Initial Actions (can be done by any player at the start of the turn):
    Unblockable:
        Income: Use turn to take 1 coin from treasury
        Coup: Use turn and 7 coins to eliminate an opponent's card (must also be done if player has 10 or more coins)
    Blockable:
        Tax (Duke): Take 3 coins from treasury
        Steal (Captain): Take 2 coins from opponent
        Exchange (Ambassador): Draw 2 cards from deck & choose any combination of cards with hand, then return 2 cards to deck
        Assassinate (Assassin): Eliminate an opponent's card with 3 coins
        Foreign Aid (No specific card required): Take 2 coins from treasury

Response Actions:
    Block Assassination (Contessa): Stop opponent from assassinating 1 of your cards
    Block Theft (Captain or Ambassador): Stop opponent from stealing 2 of your coins
    Block Foreign Aid (Duke): Stop opponent from taking 2 coins from treasury
    Challenge (No specific card required): Challenge an opponent claiming to be a specific card: 
                                           if correct, opponent loses a card;
                                           if incorrect, player loses a card and opponent gets a new random card
    

Gameplay:
At the start of one's turn, a player can propose any initial action. If the action is unblockable, it is completed immediately. 
If it is a blockable action, opponents can either claim a power to block it or challenge the player's assertion that they have
a specific card. If the challenge is successful, the player's action is not completed and they lose a card. If the challenge is 
unsuccessful, the player's action is completed, the challenger loses a card, and the player gets a new random card from the deck
to replace the card that was revealed during the challenge.

Play cotinues in a clockwise circle until only one player is left.


